it/feio/android/omninotes/models/Attachment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Attachment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Attachment$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DialogLocationBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DialogLocationBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/SketchFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SketchFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SketchFragment$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SketchFragment$2
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/SaveNoteTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.SaveNoteTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/db/SqlParser.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.db.SqlParser
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/Constants.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.Constants
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NotesLoadedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NotesLoadedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/unchecked/ExternalDirectoryCreationException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.unchecked.ExternalDirectoryCreationException
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/WidgetLayoutListBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.WidgetLayoutListBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/GeocodeProviderBaseFactory.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.GeocodeProviderBaseFactory
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FabBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FabBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/receiver/BootCompleteReceiver.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.receiver.BootCompleteReceiver
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteProcessorArchive.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessorArchive
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/NoteLayoutWidgetBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.NoteLayoutWidgetBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityStatsNoteBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityStatsNoteBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityCategoryBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityCategoryBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide6.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide6
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/PopupSketchStrokeBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.PopupSketchStrokeBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/AssetUtils.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.AssetUtils
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityPasswordBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityPasswordBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ColorsUtil.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ColorsUtil
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DrawerCategoryListHeaderBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DrawerCategoryListHeaderBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/AttachmentDialogBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.AttachmentDialogBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/SketchView.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.SketchView
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/ExpandableHeightGridView.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.ExpandableHeightGridView
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/notifications/NotificationsHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.notifications.NotificationsHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/SettingsFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SettingsFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SettingsFragment$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteProcessor.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessor
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessor$NotesProcessorTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/AttachmentsHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.AttachmentsHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/LanguageHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.LanguageHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/Category.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Category
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Category$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/IntroSlideBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.IntroSlideBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NotesUpdatedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NotesUpdatedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/NavDrawerAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.NavDrawerAdapter
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.NoteDrawerAdapterViewHolder
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/CategoriesUpdatedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.CategoriesUpdatedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/SimpleWidgetProvider.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.SimpleWidgetProvider
it/feio/android/omninotes/NoteInfosActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.NoteInfosActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/AboutActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.AboutActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide4.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide4
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/WidgetLayoutSmallBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.WidgetLayoutSmallBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/SwitchFragmentEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.SwitchFragmentEvent
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.SwitchFragmentEvent$Direction
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/WebviewBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.WebviewBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ReminderHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ReminderHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/Display.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.Display
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/CroutonHandleBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.CroutonHandleBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnNoteSaved.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnNoteSaved
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ConstantsBase.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ConstantsBase
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/PasswordButtonsBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.PasswordButtonsBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/UndoBarController.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.UndoBarController
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.UndoBarController$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.UndoBarController$2
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.UndoBarController$UndoListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteProcessorDelete.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessorDelete
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/category/CategoryViewHolder.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.category.CategoryViewHolder
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ConnectionManager.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ConnectionManager
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ToolbarBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroFragment
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DrawerListItemBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DrawerListItemBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/MainMenuTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.MainMenuTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/AlarmRestoreOnRebootService.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.AlarmRestoreOnRebootService
it/feio/android/omninotes/factory/MediaStoreFactory.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.factory.MediaStoreFactory
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityWidgetConfigurationBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityWidgetConfigurationBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/RecyclerViewEmptySupport.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.RecyclerViewEmptySupport
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.RecyclerViewEmptySupport$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteProcessorTrash.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessorTrash
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/ONStyle.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.ONStyle
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/Fab.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.Fab
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.Fab$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.Fab$2
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.Fab$3
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/AnimationsHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.AnimationsHelper
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.AnimationsHelper$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide1.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide1
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/DatabaseException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.DatabaseException
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnReminderPickedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnReminderPickedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/NoteAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.NoteAdapter
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/AttachmentTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.AttachmentTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ShortcutHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ShortcutHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/date/DateHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.date.DateHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/FileHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.FileHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide3.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide3
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/PasswordResetDialogLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.PasswordResetDialogLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/AppVersionHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.AppVersionHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/SettingsFontSizeItemBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.SettingsFontSizeItemBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NavigationUpdatedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NavigationUpdatedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/CategoryBaseAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.CategoryBaseAdapter
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/PlacesAutoCompleteAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.PlacesAutoCompleteAdapter
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.PlacesAutoCompleteAdapter$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/IntentChecker.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.IntentChecker
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/BackupHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.BackupHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/db/DbHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.db.DbHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/BuildConfig.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.BuildConfig
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/PasswordValidator.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.PasswordValidator
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.PasswordValidator$Result
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/RateAppDialogLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.RateAppDialogLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/PasswordRemovedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.PasswordRemovedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/services/NotificationListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.services.NotificationListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/Navigation.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.Navigation
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnViewTouchedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnViewTouchedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ImageAndTextItemBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ImageAndTextItemBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentDetailBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentDetailBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/InterceptorFrameLayout.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.InterceptorFrameLayout
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/AttachmentAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.AttachmentAdapter
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.AttachmentAdapter$AttachmentHolder
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/AlphaManager.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.AlphaManager
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/WidgetConfigurationActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.WidgetConfigurationActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/InterceptorLinearLayout.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.InterceptorLinearLayout
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentDetailAttachmentsBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentDetailAttachmentsBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/GalleryActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.GalleryActivity
 it.feio.android.omninotes.GalleryActivity$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.GalleryActivity$2
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteLoaderTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteLoaderTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide2.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide2
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityGalleryBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityGalleryBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentSketchBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentSketchBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/SnoozeActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SnoozeActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/checked/UnhandledIntentException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.checked.UnhandledIntentException
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/SystemHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.SystemHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/PushBulletMessage.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.PushBulletMessage
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/IntentHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.IntentHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/RowBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.RowBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/NotesHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.NotesHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityStatsBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityStatsBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnGeoUtilResultListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnGeoUtilResultListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/holders/ImageAndTextItem.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.holders.ImageAndTextItem
it/feio/android/omninotes/extensions/PushBulletExtension.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.extensions.PushBulletExtension
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/SettingsFontSizeDialogItemBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.SettingsFontSizeDialogItemBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/NoteLayoutExpandedBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.NoteLayoutExpandedBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/TextHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.TextHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NotificationRemovedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NotificationRemovedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/date/DateUtils.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.DateUtils
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/PushbulletReplyEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.PushbulletReplyEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/ListWidgetService.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.ListWidgetService
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/LoadingDialog.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.LoadingDialog
it/feio/android/omninotes/DetailFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$2
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$3
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$AttachmentOnClickListener
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$OnGeoUtilResultListenerImpl
 it.feio.android.omninotes.DetailFragment$OnGeoUtilResultListenerImpl$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/MainActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.MainActivity
 it.feio.android.omninotes.MainActivity$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/DynamicNavigationReadyEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.DynamicNavigationReadyEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/StatsSingleNote.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.StatsSingleNote
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/date/RecurrenceHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.date.RecurrenceHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/CategoryActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.CategoryActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/count/IdeogramsWordCounter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.count.IdeogramsWordCounter
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/NoteLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.NoteLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/PasswordActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.PasswordActivity
 it.feio.android.omninotes.PasswordActivity$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.PasswordActivity$2
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentListBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentListBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/Tag.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Tag
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Tag$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/TextWorkerTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.TextWorkerTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DialogRemoveChecklistLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DialogRemoveChecklistLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ResourcesUtils.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ResourcesUtils
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ResourcesUtils$ResourceIdentifiers
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/count/DefaultWordCounter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.count.DefaultWordCounter
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/WidgetLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.WidgetLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/SimpleTextLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.SimpleTextLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/BaseFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.BaseFragment
it/feio/android/omninotes/extensions/ONDashClockExtension.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.extensions.ONDashClockExtension
 it.feio.android.omninotes.extensions.ONDashClockExtension$Counters
 it.feio.android.omninotes.extensions.ONDashClockExtension$DashClockUpdateReceiver
it/feio/android/omninotes/NavigationDrawerFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.NavigationDrawerFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.NavigationDrawerFragment$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnAttachingFileListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnAttachingFileListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NavigationUpdatedNavDrawerClosedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NavigationUpdatedNavDrawerClosedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/Stats.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Stats
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/PopupSketchEraserBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.PopupSketchEraserBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/Note.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Note
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.Note$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnFabItemClickedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnFabItemClickedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/BitmapHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.BitmapHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/notes/NoteProcessorCategorize.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.notes.NoteProcessorCategorize
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/DataBackupIntentService.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.DataBackupIntentService
it/feio/android/omninotes/ShortcutActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ShortcutActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/adapters/CategoryRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.adapters.CategoryRecyclerViewAdapter
it/feio/android/omninotes/SettingsActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.SettingsActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/NonScrollableListView.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.NonScrollableListView
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/SpringImportHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.SpringImportHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/ListWidgetProvider.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.ListWidgetProvider
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/misc/DynamicNavigationLookupTable.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.misc.DynamicNavigationLookupTable
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnPermissionRequestedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnPermissionRequestedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/receiver/AlarmReceiver.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.receiver.AlarmReceiver
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/NotesLoadingException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.NotesLoadingException
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnDrawChangedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnDrawChangedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/KeyboardUtils.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.KeyboardUtils
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/ParcelableUtil.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.ParcelableUtil
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/RecyclerViewItemClickSupport.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport$2
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport$3
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport$OnItemClickListener
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.RecyclerViewItemClickSupport$OnItemLongClickListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NotesMergeEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NotesMergeEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/count/CountFactory.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.count.CountFactory
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/ListRemoteViewsFactory.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.ListRemoteViewsFactory
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/PermissionsHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.PermissionsHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/notifications/NotificationChannel.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.notifications.NotificationChannel
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/GenericException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.GenericException
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/FileProviderHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.FileProviderHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/PasswordRequestDialogLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.PasswordRequestDialogLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/checked/BackupAttachmentException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.checked.BackupAttachmentException
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DialogBackupLayoutBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DialogBackupLayoutBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/date/SublimePickerFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.SublimePickerFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.SublimePickerFragment$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.SublimePickerFragment$Callback
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/CategoryMenuTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.CategoryMenuTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentNavigationDrawerBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/DrawerCategoryListFooterBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.DrawerCategoryListFooterBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/exceptions/BackupException.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.exceptions.BackupException
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/TagsHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.TagsHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/BaseActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.BaseActivity
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/notifications/NotificationChannels.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.notifications.NotificationChannels
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.notifications.NotificationChannels$NotificationChannelNames
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityChangelogBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityChangelogBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/widget/WidgetProvider.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.widget.WidgetProvider
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/LogDelegate.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.LogDelegate
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/ActivityNoteInfosBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.ActivityNoteInfosBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/holders/NoteViewHolder.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.holders.NoteViewHolder
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/UndobarBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.UndobarBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/SublimePickerBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.SublimePickerBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/NavigationItem.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.NavigationItem
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/listeners/OnCABItemClickedListener.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.listeners.OnCABItemClickedListener
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/misc/PlayStoreMetadataFetcherResult.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.misc.PlayStoreMetadataFetcherResult
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/date/ReminderPickers.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.ReminderPickers
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.date.ReminderPickers$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/count/WordCounter.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.count.WordCounter
it/feio/android/omninotes/helpers/GeocodeProviderFactory.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.helpers.GeocodeProviderFactory
it/feio/android/omninotes/ListFragment.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment$2
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment$2$1
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment$3
 it.feio.android.omninotes.ListFragment$ModeCallback
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/PasswordHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.PasswordHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/OmniNotes.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.OmniNotes
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/FragmentDetailContentBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.FragmentDetailContentBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/GeocodeHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.GeocodeHelper
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.GeocodeHelper$1
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/SquareImageView.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.SquareImageView
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/bus/NotesDeletedEvent.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.bus.NotesDeletedEvent
it/feio/android/omninotes/utils/StorageHelper.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.utils.StorageHelper
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/UpdateWidgetsTask.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.UpdateWidgetsTask
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.UpdateWidgetsTask$WidgetUpdateSubscriber
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/GridviewItemBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.GridviewItemBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/databinding/WidgetLayoutToolbarBinding.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.databinding.WidgetLayoutToolbarBinding
it/feio/android/omninotes/intro/IntroSlide5.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.intro.IntroSlide5
it/feio/android/omninotes/models/views/VerticalSeekBar.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.models.views.VerticalSeekBar
it/feio/android/omninotes/StatsActivity.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.StatsActivity
 it.feio.android.omninotes.StatsActivity$1StatsTask
it/feio/android/omninotes/async/upgrade/UpgradeProcessor.java
 it.feio.android.omninotes.async.upgrade.UpgradeProcessor
